c:\users\libhongo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFTraining\MathServiceLibraryDemo\WebHostDemo\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\libhongo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFTraining\MathServiceLibraryDemo\WebHostDemo\bin\WebHostDemo.dll.config
c:\users\libhongo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFTraining\MathServiceLibraryDemo\WebHostDemo\bin\WebHostDemo.dll
c:\users\libhongo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFTraining\MathServiceLibraryDemo\WebHostDemo\bin\WebHostDemo.pdb
c:\users\libhongo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFTraining\MathServiceLibraryDemo\WebHostDemo\bin\MathServiceLibrary.dll
c:\users\libhongo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFTraining\MathServiceLibraryDemo\WebHostDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\libhongo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFTraining\MathServiceLibraryDemo\WebHostDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\libhongo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFTraining\MathServiceLibraryDemo\WebHostDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\libhongo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFTraining\MathServiceLibraryDemo\WebHostDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\libhongo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFTraining\MathServiceLibraryDemo\WebHostDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\libhongo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFTraining\MathServiceLibraryDemo\WebHostDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\libhongo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFTraining\MathServiceLibraryDemo\WebHostDemo\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\libhongo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFTraining\MathServiceLibraryDemo\WebHostDemo\bin\MathServiceLibrary.pdb
c:\users\libhongo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFTraining\MathServiceLibraryDemo\WebHostDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\libhongo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFTraining\MathServiceLibraryDemo\WebHostDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\libhongo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFTraining\MathServiceLibraryDemo\WebHostDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\libhongo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFTraining\MathServiceLibraryDemo\WebHostDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\libhongo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFTraining\MathServiceLibraryDemo\WebHostDemo\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\libhongo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFTraining\MathServiceLibraryDemo\WebHostDemo\obj\Debug\WebHostDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\libhongo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFTraining\MathServiceLibraryDemo\WebHostDemo\obj\Debug\WebHostDemo.dll
c:\users\libhongo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFTraining\MathServiceLibraryDemo\WebHostDemo\obj\Debug\WebHostDemo.pdb
